############################################################################
## original beta announcement.

Hello!

This is a message to announce the beta test for our new support site.
We hope to replace the regular Bioconductor mailing list with this
site soon and we have imported the past 11+ years of mailing list
discussion into this new site.  If you would like to help us test it
out you can do that by logging in here:

https://support.bioconductor.org

For those of you who have posted to the bioconductor mailing list
before, you will probably want to recover your well earned reputation
from previous posts and answers.  To do that you will need to scroll
to the bottom of the log in page and click the link that says 'Forgot
Password?'.  This should get you started with your mailing list email
address which will already be linked to your previous posts.

And if you have never posted, then you can start a new account from
that same page.

As you explore the beta, you may come across things that you would
like to see changed or that you feel are not working right.  This site
is based on a fork of Biostars, and we ask that you please post such
questions to our github repository for this:

https://github.com/Bioconductor/support.bioconductor.org/issues

We aspire to switch over to this new site in early September, but we are
leaving the schedule flexible depending on how well the beta site
works.  Also: please note that posts made to the new site during the
beta will disappear after the test period.  We want you to help us
test it, but this is not the live deployment phase quite yet.

I expect there will probably be some other questions about this big
transition. So please ask them as needed and we will try to answer
them the best we can.


  Marc



############################################################################
## email to announce the end of the beta:
## subject: Transition from mailing list to web-based support forum

Hello,

Thank you to those who have participated in the Beta for our new
support site.  The beta period is now over, and we are getting ready
for a formal launch of the site during the week of September 15th.

*Important* Once the support site is 'live', posts to the Bioconductor
mailing list will receive an automatic reply indicating that it is no
longer in service and directing you to the new site. This change
affects the 'bioconductor' mailing list; the 'bioc-devel' mailing list
will continue to function as before.

  Marc



############################################################################
## email to inform users that they should not use the email list:

Hi!  Please use the Bioconductor support site

    https://support.bioconductor.org

instead of the bioconductor mailing list. To post to the new site,
simply create a new account by visiting the User Login page

    https://support.bioconductor.org/accounts/login/

For those who have posted to the bioconductor mailing list before,
recover your well earned reputation from previous posts and answers by
scrolling to the bottom of the log in page and clicking the link that
says 'Forgot Password?'.

Frequently Asked Questions about using the support site are available at

    https://support.bioconductor.org/info/faq/

The FAQ describes how to merge different names into a single account,
and contains other helpful information about how to get the most out
of site.


  Marc

############################################################################
## email to announce that the support site is now live:
## subject: support.bioconductor.org is now live!


Hello!

We are pleased to announce the official transition to our new support
site,

    https://support.bioconductor.org

This site replaces the Bioconductor mailing list as the primary source
for user support; it includes the last 11+ years of mailing list
discussion.

To post to the site, create a new account by visiting the User Login
page

    https://support.bioconductor.org/accounts/login/

For those who have posted to the bioconductor mailing list before,
recover your well earned reputation from previous posts and answers by
scrolling to the bottom of the log in page and clicking the link that
says 'Forgot Password?'. 

Frequently Asked Questions about using the support site are available at

    https://support.bioconductor.org/info/faq/

The FAQ describes how to merge different names into a single account,
and contains other helpful information about how to get the most out
of the new site.

This is the final post to the Bioconductor mailing list; we look
forward to seeing you at http://support.bioconductor.org

  Marc
